TODO:
  - if an iso is mounted loop-back then vobcopy is unable to find the /dev/
    entry in /etc/mtab and resorts to /etc/fstab where something wrong is
    written - hence vobcopy doesn't find the device. A new command line option?!

  - continue if a part of the image is already there (from a previous try).
    Should be doable with the -b code.

  - "uname -m" on my machine, you would get: x86_64
    (where I've changed the .../lib to .../lib64 in three places), then the
    program compiles cleanly  
    DONE
  
  - some code to prognose when the rip will be ready.

  - check more return values of libdvdread calls.


  - when copying over an existing file/dir vobcopy makes some trouble (i.e. 
    it asks to overwrite bla.vob, starts writing to bla.vob.partial and at the
    end isn't capable of overwriting bla.vob when it tries to move the 
    .partial.

  - error handling with the errno and strerror function

THOUGHT-ABOUT FEATURES
  - being able to specify
     - which title
     - which chapter
     - which angle 
     - which language(s)
     - which subtitle(s)
     to copy
  - print the total playing time of that title
 

use EPM to package vobcopy

Users comments|bug-reports:
only -i /dev/rdisk works on osx

if user uses -i then (maybe) force vobcopy to use this dir and not
check the device accordingly.


BUGREPORTS:

Perhaps a verification needs to be added, to catch the situations when
the user specifies a non-existing directory? (and either create it or
abort with "no such directory", instead of claiming there's no free
space)


Hello, i use vobcopy in the mirror manner (vobcopy -m) and since it
works
well in 5.8, i have to tell you that a bug has been introduced since.
In 5.10 vobcopy -m generate error like that : "cannot seek at xxxxx",
and
finaly the result is not readable by xine, ogle or vlc. In fact it
began to
read the movie correctly, but at the first change of vob file, xine (or
others) craches.


 Was ist festgestellt
habe:
1. -i /mnt/cd hat nicht funktioniert, aber -i /dev/acd0.
2. -e hat keine Wirkung. Ich habe verschiedene Werte ausprobiert, um
nur wenige MB zu kopieren, trotzdem hat vobcopy weiter kopiert.

Ich habe FreeBSD 5.2.



Bug reporten. Zumindest bei mir geht die Fortschrittsanzeige nicht
ganz bis
auf 100%, selbst wenn schon die naechste Datei angefangen wird, sondern
bleibt kurz davor stehen. Der letzte Schritt wird also nicht mehr
angezeigt.

grafisches frontend mit dem was knoppix-install macht (knx-hddinstall)
